#labels Featured
#Documentations for Mobile RSS Reader
= Introduction =

 == Summary == 

The free RSS feed reader is a cell phone (mobile) J2ME MIDP  application that
is able to read most RSS servers/feed versions. RSS is a lightweight XML format
designed for sharing headlines and other content like blogs and news.   
Data
is stored on the device and updated on request.  This uses the internet which
service providers charge extra for, so you would best get an unlimited data
from your service provider.  
This should work with most recent devices as
they have MIDP 2.0 
program beginning with midp20_RSSReader... 
If it does not work, use the MIDP 1.0 
program beginning with midp10_RSSReader... 
for older versions.  
This is licensed under GPL.
Source code authored by Tommi Laukkanen is at http://code.google.com/p/mobile-rss-reader/
For more documentation go to http://mobilerssreader.sourceforge.net/

 *   Add RSS feed bookmarks 
 *   Parse RSS feeds 
 *   Browse RSS feed headers 
 *   Read topics 
 *   Read all unread topics 
 *   Supports ISO8859_1, windows-1252, UTF-8 , and UTF-16 
 *   Update all/updated feeds with single command 
 *   Open item link or enclosure in device browser  (Only on program
midp20_RSSReader... for MIDP 2.0 on most recent phones starting a yr ago)
 *   Update all/updated feeds with single command 
 *   Open item link or enclosure in device browser  (Only on versions
midp20_RSSReader... or midp20_jsr75_RSSReader...)  for MIDP 2.0 (see above)
 *   Save on exit or request
 *   Import and synchronize RSS feed lists from internet or
phone memory
   #   OPML
   #   HTML hyperlinks 
   #   HTML Auto links
   #   HTML OPML Auto links
   #   Line by line
using formats and filter feeds based on name and URL (except v1.10.5)



 == Install/copy Mobile RSS Reader to phone instructions == 

To install/copy RSSReader to the phone, you will need some communication  
method between your computer and your phone to be working (e-mail, cable, 
bluetooth, or infrared), and copy the midp10_RSSReader.jar, midp20_RSSReader.jar,
midp20_jsr75_RSSReader.jar file  
(that is in the zip file (this link) ) from the  
computer to the phone. If you have an old phone (that uses MIDP  
1.0), copy midp10_RSSReader.jar. The detailed steps are different 
from one phone to other, so please read the manual of your phone  
and the help of your communication program. 

 

Alternatively, you can use your phone browser to download  
RSSReader directly from this web.

Just enter this url for MIDP-2.0 (see below): 
http://mobile-rss-reader.googlecode.com/files/midp20_RSSReader-1.11.jar



Just enter this url for MIDP-2.0 and JSR-75 (see below): 
http://mobile-rss-reader.googlecode.com/files/midp20_jsr75_RSSReader-1.11.jar

 

If your phone is old, use this url: 
http://mobile-rss-reader.googlecode.com/files/midp10_RSSReader-1.11.jar


 == Reading from phone memory == 
Feeds and imports of feeds can be done from phone memory with phones with
JSR-75.  You can find this out by looking at technical specs for your phone,
looking up your phone at this web site.
http://www.mobref.com/device.
Or you can run the program without JSR-75 (midp20_RSSReader...)
going to settings and looking for phone jsr75 and if true, you can use jsr75
version (midp20_jsr75_RSSReader...). 
It is important to check before trying to run the JSR-75 version as if phone
does not support JSR75 the JSR-75 program (midp20_jsr75_RSSReader... will
not work or run) but not harm the phone.